I just got an invitation through the
mail the president's requested this
evening it's formal a top hat or white
tie and Tails nothing now could take the
wind out of my sails because I'm invited
to step out this evening we top that
white tie and Tails put no my time tying
up my white tie does she not my tail
my shirt funky put them shut Stokes
polishing my nails I'm stepping out my
dear to breathing atmosphere that's it
we retreat last
in that trust that eulogies matters when
I step off the gas
or I'll be dead to put down my top to
help
Muhsin up my white dancing in my tail
[Music]
[Applause]
you love that kind of dancing question
head judge Len Goodman what are you
looking for in the American Smooth well
the American Smooth is a form of
ballroom dancing but you're allowed to
break away you're allowed to have a 40%
of it in hold the other part you can
just break away you can do two lifts and
you just got to give the flavor of sort
of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers that
sorta feel about it and I must say yet
you always turn out a good performance I
don't think you will ever create a bad
performance on the floor however for me
when you were in hold that you were not
quite together you lost body contact
world of an oh you and your listen it
was a great performance it was
technically not so good when they were
in hold I'm not making a big deal of it
lol Bruno Bruno well for me this
actually was great you had not just
American smooth
[Applause]
so it's like punching Judy okay crane I
really really liked it long glamorous
lines amazing control through all the
spins you've really got that nailed what
I loved about the routine was the
cross-section of rhythms that you had to
approach and you approach that
brilliantly time the stop time section I
thought was a lovely touch and the
fantastic triplets at the end well done
I do however agree with Len you lost
body contact when he went into the
matrons but Arlene is perfect Matthew
had thrown in me all this little Quick
Step material into the smoothie you can
do and it wasn't perfect but the glamour
of Hollywood was brought to after what
an opening for Strictly Come Dancing
[Applause]
wonderful wonderful
get 18 plus 12 in the second page
[Applause]